feat: Implements `WebViewExtWindows::hwnd` and `InnerWebView::hwnd` handler (#1712)
tauri-apps/wry: .changes/forward-hwnd-handler.md

---
"wry": patch
---

> Add getter for HWND property for **WebViewExtWindows** and **InnerWebView** Structs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Windows, Add `WebViewExtWindows::hwnd` getter to access the child HWND containing the webview.
```
